The MCU will go on and on, but this chapter - and the American pragmatism vs. American ideals bromance that drove it - have well and truly come to their "Excelsior! Nuff said!" moment.
Avengers: Endgame is better and more nourishing than Infinity War, but it's still the same long con.
The entire tone of the film felt like a eulogy to the MCU and relied too heavily on weepy eyed nostalgia and fan service moments to carry it to the end.
Endgame is not exactly an inspired finish, but it's certainly true to Marvel form, an extensive extravaganza armed with an intuitive grasp of its audience's needs and desires.
With a spectacularly unjustified running time of 182 minutes, the film finds room to pack in just about every kind of tonality that a Marvel movie has ever trafficked in.
Where Endgame fails its female characters by devaluing them, it forgets its characters of color entirely.
It is an escalator to nowhere rather than a definitive endgame.
Endgame's true feat is how it flawlessly subverts our expectations without feeling like betrayal.
Overall, the fourth and final-not-final Avengers movie is full of emotion, much more than its predecessors, and rife with well-earned resolutions.
It's fun to see all these character threads unravel, and knit up, as the movie waddles toward its big but indifferent climax of Avengers versus Thanos.
Thank goodness for some fine ol' trademark, avenging humor saving the day and carrying us through much of the weltschmerz with almost a full two hours remaining in this really big show.
Talk about a curtain call.
In other words, without a diversity of voices, what are doubtless good intentions feel like paternalistic tokenism. It wouldn't be as frustrating if the solution weren't obvious.
The Superhero film has truly become our Western.
Messrs. Downey, Evans, et al, give their all to lift up the overlong AVENGERS: ENDGAME from its sloppy script and poor pacing, to leave their fans with unforgettable memories of their fractured, flawed, courageous heroes.
After more than a decade and 22 movies, that nostalgic impulse is understandable. It also feels a bit too easy, a little underwhelming, and more than a pinch manipulative.
