What you will be getting when you walk into an inevitably overstuffed movie theater is something singular that reflects our age in a way that none of the MCU films that preceded it have-indeed, very few Hollywood spectacles ever have.
There are horror movies and political dramas with premises less nightmarish than the one in "Avengers: Endgame... This is an interesting approach for a superhero film to take.
To compare to Infinity War, I think that Endgame has the better storyline, the more satisfying conclusion, better conclusion, and much richer emotions.
Avengers: Endgame doesn't disappoint. There is so much to absorb that one sitting isn't enough.
Naysayers suggest that Marvel dominance of this cinematic age will one day feel goofy. That opinion is insane. A generation has grown up with these films as their cultural spinal column. They will no more outgrow them than our bodies shed vertebrae.
Better than it has any right to be, this post-apocalyptic superhero film has significantly more merits than demerits.
At the end of Endgame is the satisfaction that audiences are witness to an entertaining adventure. [Full Review in Spanish]
'Avengers: Endgame' is a fitting finale for the end of a Marvel era.
The final movie in Marvel's Infinity Saga is a masterpiece. It's an absolute spectacle. It's a love letter to fans of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Laughs. Tears. Applause. Avengers: Endgame gets all of it.
Sadly, our rating system only goes up to five, because otherwise I'd give "Avengers: Endgame" six!
Game over man, game over!
Endgame is a celebration of everything that's gone before, stuffed with callbacks and unexpected and unlikely cameos that will reward hardcore fans in spades.
Amusing, engrossing, exhilarating, visually spectacular, fast paced, and fairly breezy for a movie that is three hours in length...
No sequence is a better analog for the pic's ups and downs than its climactic, supersized fight scene, one that amazes one moment and baffles the next.
It's hard to deny that the Infinity Saga has been an incredibly singular achievement, and Endgame is the finale it has always deserved.
The end feels quite as it should feel. And the ultimate clash is as epic as we thought it would be.
With plenty of surprises and the right mix between comedy and drama, Avengers: Endgame lives up to its hype
They created a tone within this universe that was set and to-the-point...they made that turn, and they landed it, masterfully.
One of the best movies I've ever seen. One of the best payoffs...I was not disappointed.
Mind-blowing and nail-biting doesn't begin to describe it as the biggest assemblage of Avengers we have seen approach endgame, to provide the perfect send-off for the billions of fans worldwide who have been with them all the way.
what I found most impressive about Endgame is how is just as often strikes notes of grace as it does moments of hectic violence
The main takeaway of Avengers: Endgame is the presumption that the half that remained may listen to their better angels. Forget time travel, the real fairy-tale lays here.
It's revealing that after 22 movies packed with action and fantasy, the franchise chose to end its narrative with a small moment of intimacy and sweetness.
Yes, it's long, but it's rare to find a three-hour film that moves with the velocity of "Endgame." It's certainly a winner.
The MCU pictures have always stressed that neither the destination nor the journey are as important as the connections we make along the way. As this is already the most lucrative series ever, clearly that message has struck a chord with millions.
Where Endgame fails its female characters by devaluing them, it forgets its characters of color entirely.
Is it the best superhero movie ever made? In the words of Balki Bartokomous, "Don't be ridiculous." (The plotholes are prominent enough to make me consider dropping the rating a half-star.) Nevertheless, this ranks among the upper echelons of the MCU.
According to Buddhist/Taoist teachings, smaller-particle dimensions are where the heavens are actually located. This is one of the many reasons why "Avengers" movies are tales, that by definition, have to be about gods.
One Avengers movie to bind them, and in the darkness rule them all.
Endgame stands out as one of the most detailed, satisfying conclusions to a chapter in a long-running franchise.
There's a lot of fun to be had with this blockbuster behemoth, especially for those who have avidly followed the franchise.
To see Endgame with a crowd is to remember what moviegoing once was and still can be: a group experience of grief and joy. It's a reason to assemble.
It would be nearly unfathomable to have spent more than 20 preceding films with these characters and not feel anything at the end of the sometimes tedious, mostly satisfying Avengers: Endgame.
Endgame succeeds in offering its fans a very real sense of closure. And that's no small feat.
A miraculous blend of grief and humor. Big, bold, brash, then sneakily meta. I am only starting to get my head around the emotional and creative right-hook of it. A fitting end (for now) to the MCU.
Avengers: Endgame is a beautifully-constructed piece of popcorn cinema ... anyone who has given their time to this world will find it to be a rewarding and effective payoff.
The word epic gets thrown around so much that we've forgotten what it actually means. This movie is here to remind you.
A spectacular, once-in-a-lifetime epic. Avengers, dismissed.
Some of the smarmy humour falls flat on its face, while other parts are surprisingly dark. All the same, you couldn't deny its sheer value for money.
As epic as you would expect and more.
The film designs its moments well.
The Marvel Cinematic Universe, up to this point, comes to an end with an installment that easily ranks among the best in the series...
It dares to wrestle with big, existential issues, confront some surprisingly grown up questions and take enormous narrative risks.
Everything works.
Despite the comic-book origins of the tale, the stakes feel real, with some powerful moments of sacrifice, and a few wistful reunions.
A perfect companion piece to Avengers: Infinity War, yet strong enough to stand alone as one of the best superhero films ever made.
Thus comes to an end, 21 films and 11 years later, the most lucrative franchise in the history of cinema... There are notable ups and downs in [this] long journey, and the conclusion is no exception.
he titanic effort of all the actors, producers, directors and crew of all these films to pull off such a satisfying product is something worthy of praise.
If, like me, you've seen all 21 films that precede it, you won't begrudge it a single second. Definitely worth assembling for.
That final hour is a good final hour. Thanos is still, in my opinion, an excellent villain.
What perhaps makes Endgame so special is that everyone involved -- including the very talented cast -- seem to understand that this is the first time where the story feels more like a conclusion than a continuation.
A wonderful surprise, filling almost each and every minute with excitement, drama, humor and visually interesting and entertaining intrigue.
Avengers: Endgame represents a remarkable achievement.
A ten year journey ends in the most ambitious and emotive film to date.
Endgame's true feat is how it flawlessly subverts our expectations without feeling like betrayal.
A satisfying end to an era and worthy of its size and hype
Avengers: Endgame will have fans singing its praises - and they should.
The only complaint about Avengers: Endgame is that it raises the bar so high that there may well never be a superhero movie to match it.
As a finale to the MCU we've known since 2008's Iron Man, Avengers: Endgame is an exciting, fitting, substantial, almost miraculously eloquent closer.
Avengers: Endgame is as much a trip down MCU memory lane as it is the final chapter to a story that changed cinema forever.
Whatever your feelings about Disney's Borg-like assimilation of all entertainment, Endgame's synthesis of 22 movies' worth of characters/plot is nothing short of remarkable.
You'll never see a victory lap look quite as awesome as this one.
This is an emotionally-satisfying conclusion to this grand venture, featuring many moments that tug at the heartstrings, plenty of chuckles, and, of course, more action than anyone could ever want in a film.
Emotional heft combines with a sweeping sense of the epic, often within the same scene.
"Avengers Endgame" at its best-illustrates the qualities of being a true hero-all while Marvel's greatest cinematic hits are warmly and entertainingly revisited!
The final battle is giddily cathartic, but the catharsis arises from prioritising character development over plot and spectacle. This, I imagine, will be the Avengers' legacy.
This three-hour super-hero team-up is an action-packed, yet nostalgic, long goodbye - with no sly post-credit teasers.
Avengers Endgame is a bittersweet love letter to Marvel fans that ushers in a satisfying amount of closure.
So many characters and so much going on that I got worried Marvel would run out of characters and have to borrow a few from DC Comics. Fun flick, too long but fun.
These films are essentially a bottle and a warm blanket in the thunderstorm of life. AVENGERS: ENDGAME pays complete fan service to our favorite moments.
I was enthralled with the production. The costumes, makeup, set designs, sound, special and visual effects, stunts and Cinematography (Trent Opaloch) made this a fun and exciting movie
A brilliant close to a chapter of filmmaking we will likely never see again in our lifetime.
You will come for the characters & Story, get caught up in their journey, get excited about the action & leave with uncontained satisfaction. A laugh, a tear a cheer. A cinematic Marvel & the crown jewel of the Universe. A Must See! four out of 4 reels
Despite early pacing struggles, Avengers: Endgame delivers on its promise to bring childhood dreams to life, with more than enough heart to spare.
It's an epic franchise finale that cuts straight to the heart of what it means to rise from the ashes of defeat.
The Russo brothers, writers and cast really outdid themselves with this one, and this is evident in the witty script, multiple plot twists and scenes that will have you erupting in laughter or holding your breath.
'Endgame' is more than a movie, it is an emotional event - a reward for loyalty, as well as a promise of new things to come.
Avengers: Endgame makes you keenly aware of the passage of this time.
Superhero adventures are the predominant films of our time, and this one easily stands as the most significant.
A rousing finale. Epic in scale and in heart.
There's a lot of research to do. But it's fun homework.
If you're a fan of these movies, I think you're going to be satisfied. It's a satisfying ending to this phase.
The Avengers as we know them will never reassemble and, in their wake, superhero movies will never be the same again.
The film has Marvel bending, breaking their own rules. It's a bold move and should hopefully pay off.
Kudos to directors Anthony and Joe Russo just for keeping things organized, let alone coherent, which they also manage.
There is lots to love here: the way Downey balances acerbic wit and heartfelt feeling. The way Ruffalo somehow manages to invest Hulk/Banner with warmth. Evans' all-American sincerity.
For the non-fans, the film's explanatory tone might come across as a speed breaker at times, but for the fans, the same invokes hope and excitement, leading to constant gasps and howls.
It's really long; three hours long. There is a bit too much time travel. But overall it's just the kind of extravaganza you'd expect.
Endgame is hugely ambitious, ridiculous, over-the-top superhero filmmaking and I loved it.
Endgame feels like a victory lap. It is a means of catharsis and a release for fans who have held their breath, awaiting the fate of their favourite heroes.
It's overdone and bombastic. A fitting end, in other words, to a franchise cycle of insatiable commercial ambition...and thundering creative swagger.
"Avengers: Endgame" is a classy end to a collection of films, but also one that makes the future of new Marvel movies look so bright that you can't help but smile.
Avengers: Endgame succeeds in delivering both the epic scope such a finale demands, and the personal touches that have made the whole franchise so winning.
Avengers: Endgame is a cinematic achievement unlike any other. And it is a gift... a thank you to those fans who have taken the journey.
A somewhat disjointed by satisfying conclusion to the first generation of Marvel films, filled with dashing spectacle and quiet character moments.
'Avengers: Endgame' is a well executed story that centers its characters and their journeys, while providing some of the best action sequences the MCU has ever had.
This is fan service elevated into an art form, transcending winking self-aggrandisement to become something of a reflection on the past eleven years, a chugging, tooting, spectacular train of a franchise, careering indefinitely forward.
Not terrible, sometimes fun, long, dark, dim and predictable.
Avengers: Endgame culminates the MCU with a swan song that celebrates its rich history and provides a heartfelt conclusion 22 films in the making.
Purposeful chaos with a sleek finesse.
The characters, and the actors playing them, make this an exercise in pure popcorn fantasy doused in just enough sentiment to keep us engaged between wisecracks and yet another eye-popping effect.
There is, however, a boldness to the way the film attempts and succeeds in making a fantasy about unwinding the end of the world that's really about the fact that everyone still has to deal with having lived through it.
Two and a half hours of plot for thirty minutes of magically divine statuesque iconography that's, surprisingly, worth the seat.
The MCU has generally successfully balanced planetary and personal stakes. Endgame is a worthy culmination of that storytelling approach.
Not as visceral or intense as Infinity War - and not entirely satisfying - but there's still plenty to get excited about.
You know things are pretty damn serious when Captain America starts swearing.
A masterful bombardment of everything that has made the Marvel Cinematic Universe films so impactful.
Fan service is the main course in the latest MCU extravaganza. Endgame revels in Marvel knowledge, and after 11 years and 22 films, most fans will be more than happy to indulge in it.
The resulting chaos is still punctuated by the suspense, melodrama, and heroism necessary to provide gratifying closure to one of cinema's greatest serial storytelling feats.
Overall, Avengers: Endgameis an unflinching and beautiful love letter to both comic books and the fans who have sustained the MCU.
A decade of Marvel movies culminates in three hours of (awesome) fan service.
It's simultaneously a beautiful send-off, a greatest hits tour and a lap of honour. This is Marvel celebrating Marvel, and it is thoroughly deserved.
Just about the best send-off imaginable, a stunning achievement in blockbuster cinema and a satisfying resolution to a phenomenal run of films.
Where Infinity War was all bombast, Endgame offers reserve. Where Infinity War wrought intergalactic devastation and destruction, Endgame delivers intimacy and an examination of grief, loss and very private regret.
A fantastic full stop to a 22 film series, giving us some closure to an era of cinema, but still leaving a well-lived-in Earth for new adventures to be created going forward.
For that first hour, Endgame is maybe the most radical superhero film since Logan...
A truly incredible and virtually unparalleled moviegoing experience that I can't wait to have again as soon as possible and many more times beyond that...Mission accomplished.
This movie is slow, steeped in nostalgia for the previous chapters, and very serious about itself.
A beautiful, masterful final bow for the audience that has followed this epic story line from "Iron Man" and on.
Despite being the longest superhero film in history, and the longest film in the MCU, Avengers: Endgame is paced like Quicksilver on crack cocaine.
Endgame is as much of a love letter to the fans as it is a comic book fan's dream.
An ambitious, emotional and satisfactory conclusion to the saga. A love letter to fans of the genre and followers of the whole franchise.
The sheer force of the film is enough to make traditional complaints moot. Against significant odds, it's a fitting culmination to the biggest movie series in history.
A perfect ending to a Marvelous saga.
Avengers: Endgame is a crowd-pleaser at the highest level, striking the perfect balance of paying homage to its predecessors and giving each character his/her moment to shine.
An emotional and exciting show of gratitude to all the fans that have stuck with the MCU for 11 years.
The climactic war is more than just a CGI-laden smash-fest. Every corner of the chaos, every maneuver and turn, represent an important moment in the lives of the characters.
Avengers: Endgame isn't a great movie ... but it's a beautiful and fitting swan song to a unique journey that forever changed the movie industry and the lives of so many fans.
A beautifully heartbreaking ending to a saga.
After a payoff like this, it's fair to ask where the genre goes from here. This will be a very tough act - if not an impossible one - to follow.
Boy, do directors Joe and Anthony Russo ensure the tale of space good and evil goes out with a hugely entertaining bang. Queries are answered, plot points tied up, justice is done.
Well. That was not what I expected. And, I think I love it all the more for it.
If you leave this film not once having felt your eyes heat up, or having your vision distort as a tear wells in your eye, you might just be Thanos.
When the set pieces do come, audiences won't be disappointed. The final battle scene is a climax worthy of bringing this monumental 22-film chapter in the MCU to a close.
Endgame has a few tricks up its sleeves that keep going right back to the heart.
Marvel has clearly saved the best for last and I cannot stress how much those fan service moments will have you cheering.
A film that should feel overlong and overstuffed rings purposeful, weighted with existential truth even as it flashes before our eyes.
Avengers: Endgame is exceptional because it has the only thing that the MCU lacked until now: a closure, a sort of conclusion that really feels like the end of an era, and the beginning of a new one.
I cheered so hard. There are some scenes...prepare yourself. This movie made me feel whole.
In a franchise that often resembles one exhausting run-on sentence, Avengers: Endgame feels like a welcome period (or at least a semicolon).
No film has quite made me feel so emotionally in awe since The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King.
It gives us a collection of compelling characters, ties up a lot of loose ends, provides the satisfying pow and wow of a superhero movie, but then takes it all to another level, delivering a poignant drama with relatable human emotions.
Despite all the whiz-bang CGI effects, some more special than others, the moments I most appreciated in Endgame were the small-scale comic touches... Best of all is Robert Downey Jr.
"Avengers: Endgame" represents one of the best films in the MCU canon and provides an epic and emotionally satisfying finale to the characters we've grown with over the last ten years.
Builds to an impressively ambitious finale, highlighting both the strengths and the limitations of the franchise as a whole.
